{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"\n     ,-----.,--.                  ,--. ,---.   ,--.,------.  ,------.\n    '  .--./|  | ,---. ,--.,--. ,-|  || o   \\  |  ||  .-.  \\ |  .---'\n    |  |    |  || .-. ||  ||  |' .-. |`..'  |  |  ||  |  \\  :|  `--, \n    '  '--'\\|  |' '-' ''  ''  '\\ `-' | .'  /   |  ||  '--'  /|  `---.\n     `-----'`--' `---'  `----'  `---'  `--'    `--'`-------' `------'\n    ----------------------------------------------------------------- \n\n\ncdproject2-paul-madden\n\nI am building this website as a tourist website encouraging travel to Ireland.\n\n<h2>UX</h2>\n*Target audiences = tourists and potential tourists.\n\n*To search for destinations that interest the user in Ireland.\n\n*To view the locations of interesting places in Ireland on a map.\n\n*To receive suggestions of places to visit or activities to try in Ireland.\n\n<h3>Strategy Plane</h3> \n<h4>Aims</h4>\nA website for tourists to learn more about Ireland and encourage them to visit\n\n<h3>Scope Plane</h3> \n<h4>Features included in design based on information from the strategy \nplane</h4>\n\nGoogle Places API. \n\nSearch bar for Google Map.\n\nGoogle Maps\n\nA 'Featured Places' section to showcase 'hidden gems' around Ireland.\n\nSocial sharing buttons - for tourists to share with friends and family.\n\n\n\n<h3>Structure Plane</h3> \n<h4>Structure of Information</h4>\nInteraction Design - I use a traditional navigation system with a navigation bar \nacross the top as well as a band logo functioning as a link to homepage.\n\nInformation Architecture - I aim to keep things clear and easy for users by having\nseperate pages for bookings, tour dates, photos and news with identical nav and\nfooter layouts on all pages. \nThe main section of the page will change but I aim to stick to the maroon \nand grey color schemes.\n\n\n<h3>Skeleton Plane</h3> \n<h4>How will our information be represented and how will\nthe user navigate to the information and the features?</h4> \nI decided that I would create four boxes on each page, one for each of the four \ntypes of information.\nScrolling would be used, as necessary, to allow all the desired information to \nbe available within the box.\nInterface Design means incorporating features like buttons in a way that users \ncan easily interact with\nthe site. Since my site is quite simple I really did not need to do much design \nhere. I just kept in mind\nthat my site should have a familiar look similar to other common sites.\nNavigation Design is the method we provide for the user to move through the site,\nsuccessfully reaching\nthe desired sections. I decided to have three types of navigation:\n(1) A top navigation bar that would be arranged in order of importance. This option would \nbe suitable for\nstudents interested in reaching my page about a particular course.[delete]\n\n<h3>Surface Plane</h3> \n<h4>Finished Product</h4>\n\nThe design will be consistent and visually appealing to customers/fans. A retro\ntheme will be aimed for to match the time of the band's breakout years. \n\nColors - maroon and grey. \nFont - I used 'Spicy Rice' and 'Acme' both Google Fonts. I felt Spicy Rice was \nthe perfect fit for 'The Monkees' - giving a retro feel to their band name. \nThe logic behind 'Acme' was similar. \nI felt it looked suitably retro while also being easy to read for the main bodies\nof text. For larger blocks of text I will use 'Muli'\nCTAs - I used call-to-action buttons on the homepage for booking enquiries, \nbooking tickets and following the band on social media (found on the footer).\n\nI will have a callout container on the top of the page showing the band performing. \nThis will take up most of the homepage upon loading to show. There will be seperate\n callout containers further down the page with CTA buttons for both booking and \n tour dates. \nUnderneath the top callout container there will be a media area in which you can watch \nand listen to some of the band's material. \nThe footer will contain a 'Subscribe' button. I will also have a 'Follow Us' section \nin which all the main social media options will be there for fans to follow \n'The Monkees' on. \n\n<h3>User Stories</h3>\nAs a user, I want to be able to listen to The Monkees music on their website \nand watch videos of old performances.\n\nAs a user, I want to be able to see if they have any upcoming shows and book \ntickets quickly if so desired.\n\nAs a user, I want to be able to follow social media accounts of the band from \ntheir website.\n\nAs a user, I want to be able to make booking enquiries for the band to perform \nat wedding/birthday party/other event. \n\nAs a user, I want to be able to see photos of the band. \n\n\nThe wireframe can be viewed on the link below.\nhttps://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OSvmCyMw9l1NM5TPv1I4JNiyqv37ptrMF1VSPCYz58A/edit?usp=sharing\n\nFeatures\nIn this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and \ndescribe each in a sentence or so.\n\nExisting Features\nBookings Form - allows users interested in booking the band to make an enquiry,\nby having them fill out an enquiry form. This was originally to be a modal \nhowever after discussions with mentor, it was changed to a form on the\nbookings.html page under 'What We Do'. The bookings.html page in itself can be \naccessed via the navbar or the callout on the homepage. \nOn the bookings.html page, there is a 'What people say about us' section for \nthose interested in  booking the band to see how previous bookings have been \nreviewed.\n\n\ntour-dates.html - allows users interested in seeing the band live to view their \ntour dates, venues and click a ticket icon to take them to a ticketing website. \n\n'Listen' - on the homepage allows users to listen to some of the band's \ngreatest hits. \n\n'Watch' - on the homepage gives users a video of the band performing which can \nbe considered as an incentive to see them live or book them for an event.\n\n'Footer' - has a subscribe button for users to subscribe to newsletters as well \nas links to various social media buttons. 'Follow Us' - on the homepage gives \nusers a convenient place to find their social media platforms of choice to \nfollow the band on. \n\n\n\n<h3>Technologies Used</h3>\nBootstrap library was used to aid development with its grid system, navigation \nmenu, modals, etc. Bootstrap 3.3.7\njQuery was used to aid the implementation of Bootstrap (e.g. the burger menu) \nand to assist deployment of Fancybox\nGoogle Fonts has been the source of the 'Spicy Rice', 'Acme', 'Muli' as I\nbelieve the fonts are both clear and suitably 'retro' looking. \nI used Font Awesome for the social media icons button in the footer.\n\n\n<h2>Testing</h2>\n\nI have extensively tested the website on the following physical devices - Mobile - \nHTC Desire, Huawei P20 Lite, iPhone 4 while also testing across a number of other\nsample devices through Chrome developer tools. \nTablet - Lenovo Tab 10, Kindle Fire 7, iPad, Samsung Galaxy Tab 10 while also \ntesting across a number of other sample devices through Chrome developer tools. \nLaptop/Desktop - Asus L403. \n\n \n<h3>Test</h3>\n<h4>Desktop Menu</h4>\nButtons react on hover\nSuccessful\nButtons take users to respective page\nSuccessful\nActive page is clear (both visually and screen reader)\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>Mobile Menu</h4>\nMobile menu appear on screen widths 767px and below\nSuccessful\nMenu appears after selecting burger icon\nSuccessful\nMenu closes after selecting burger icon\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>CTA Buttons Homepage</h4>\nBuy Tickets button on callout container takes user to relevant page on click\nSuccessful\nBooking button on callout container takes user to relevant page on click\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>Footer</h4>\nFooter links take users to respective site (in new tab)\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>Spotify</h4>\nSpotify iframe appears on Our Music page\nSuccessful\nSpotify iframe plays music as intended\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>Video</h4>\nFeatured video playable and has full Youtube Functionality\nSuccessful\nVideos show play icon on hover\nSuccessful\nVideos take up one column on screens widths 767px and below\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>Bookings</h4>\nOn desktop and tablet (landscape), table has 5 columns\nSuccessful\nOn mobile or tablet (portrait), table has 3 columns\nSuccessful\nSelecting 'Buy Tickets' takes user to relevant site (in new tab)\nSuccessful (dummy links used)\n\n<h4>Photo Gallery</h4>\nBooking enquiry form can be submitted upon completion\nSuccessful\nCalendar appears to select date when 'Date of Event' box selected\nSuccessful\nAll fields required to be filled in\nSuccessful\n\n<h4>Tour Dates/Tickets</h4>\nOn desktop and tablet (landscape), table has 5 columns\nSuccessful\nOn mobile or tablet (portrait), table has 3 columns\nSuccessful\nSelecting 'Buy Tickets' takes user to relevant site (in new tab)\nSuccessful (dummy links used)\n\nAcross all devices, I was able to successfully complete each user story. \n\n\n<h5>To listen to The Monkees music on their website and watch videos of old \nperformances.</h5>\nGo to the homepage. Scroll down to the selection of songs and click play.\nTo watch video, scroll further down homepage (below tour callout container) \nand click play on the embedded Youtube video. \nAlternatively, to listen to music, click on 'Our Music' on navbar. Select any song\nfrom Spotify playlist featured at top of the page. \n\n<h5>To be able to see if they have any upcoming shows and book tickets quickly \nif so desired.</h5>\nOn homepage, scroll down to 'See The Monkees On Tour' callout container and click\non 'Buy Tickets And Show More' button. This will take you to the tour dates list. \nAlternatively, click on 'Tour Dates' on navbar to find the same page. Tickets \ncan be purchased by clicking on the tickets button to the right hand side of the \ntable. \n\n<h5>To be able to follow social media accounts of the band from their website.</h5>\nScroll to the footer on any page to get a link to each of the respective social \nmedia pages with the exception of Snapchat. Snapchat is a dummy link due to The\nMonkees not having a page. \n\n<h5>To be able to make booking enquiries for the band to perform at wedding/birthday\nparty/other event. </h5>\nOn the homepage, scroll down to the bookings callout container which is below the \nYoutube video and above the footer. Click on the button to take you to bookings \npage. \nAlternatively, use 'Bookings' on the navbar to navigate to this same page. \nFill in the form on bookings page to submit enquiry. \n\n<h5>To be able to see photos of the band.</h5> \nUsing the navbar, click on 'Photos' to take you to the photos page on which you\ncan see a selection of photos of the band. \n\n\nOn the 'Our Music' page, one bug has been found. The images for 4 of the 6 \nfeatured albums that are clickable links to Amazon store do not show on Safari\n(iPhone and iPad physically tested), Firefox or Edge. This can be fixed at a \nlater date.\n\n\n\nDeployment\nProject has been deployed to GitHub Pages and is accessible here The process for\ndeployment was as follows:\nProject pushed to GitHub repository\nNavigated to Settings in relevant GitHub repository\nUnder GitHub Pages, selected relevant branch (master branch) and saved\n\n\nCredits\n\nMedia\n\nThe photos used in this site were obtained from ...\nThe photo used for the ticekts callout conatiner was obtained from \nhttps://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Monkees.jpg\nThe photo used on the booking callout container came from Pixabay.com\nI also used the logo from https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Monkees-logo.png too. \nImage for callout container on homepage sourced from - \nhttps://www.monkeeslivealmanac.com/1966-promotional-tour.html\nImage for main callout container on smaller screens was sourced from - \nhttps://medium.com/cuepoint/fake-it-til-you-make-it-how-the-monkees-performed-live-f9fea6c9a6b9\n\nImages for albums sourced from respective pages on Amazon.co.uk (29/11/18)\n\nAcknowledgements\nI received ","undoManager":{"mark":99,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":14,"column":50},"end":{"row":14,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":33}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":5},"end":{"row":16,"column":78},"action":"remove","lines":["ee/hear clips from back catalog, and new material as it becomes available"],"id":34},{"start":{"row":16,"column":5},"end":{"row":16,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":6},"end":{"row":16,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":7},"end":{"row":16,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":8},"end":{"row":16,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":9},"end":{"row":16,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":10},"end":{"row":16,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":35},{"start":{"row":16,"column":11},"end":{"row":16,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":12},"end":{"row":16,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":13},"end":{"row":16,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":14},"end":{"row":16,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":36},{"start":{"row":16,"column":15},"end":{"row":16,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":16},"end":{"row":16,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":17},"end":{"row":16,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":17},"end":{"row":16,"column":18},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":37},{"start":{"row":16,"column":16},"end":{"row":16,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":15},"end":{"row":16,"column":16},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":15},"end":{"row":16,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":38},{"start":{"row":16,"column":16},"end":{"row":16,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":17},"end":{"row":16,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":18},"end":{"row":16,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":19},"end":{"row":16,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":20},"end":{"row":16,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":21},"end":{"row":16,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":22},"end":{"row":16,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":23},"end":{"row":16,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":24},"end":{"row":16,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":25},"end":{"row":16,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":26},"end":{"row":16,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":27},"end":{"row":16,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":39},{"start":{"row":16,"column":28},"end":{"row":16,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":29},"end":{"row":16,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":30},"end":{"row":16,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":31},"end":{"row":16,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":32},"end":{"row":16,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":40},{"start":{"row":16,"column":33},"end":{"row":16,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":34},"end":{"row":16,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":35},"end":{"row":16,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":36},"end":{"row":16,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":37},"end":{"row":16,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":38},"end":{"row":16,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":39},"end":{"row":16,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":40},"end":{"row":16,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":41},"end":{"row":16,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":41},{"start":{"row":16,"column":42},"end":{"row":16,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":43},"end":{"row":16,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":44},"end":{"row":16,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":45},"end":{"row":16,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":42},{"start":{"row":16,"column":46},"end":{"row":16,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":47},"end":{"row":16,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":48},"end":{"row":16,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":49},"end":{"row":16,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":50},"end":{"row":16,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":43},{"start":{"row":16,"column":51},"end":{"row":16,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":52},"end":{"row":16,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":53},"end":{"row":16,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":44},{"start":{"row":16,"column":54},"end":{"row":16,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":55},"end":{"row":16,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":56},"end":{"row":16,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":57},"end":{"row":16,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":58},"end":{"row":16,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":59},"end":{"row":16,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":16,"column":60},"end":{"row":16,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":4},"end":{"row":18,"column":24},"action":"remove","lines":["showcase their music"],"id":45},{"start":{"row":18,"column":4},"end":{"row":18,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":5},"end":{"row":18,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":6},"end":{"row":18,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":7},"end":{"row":18,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":8},"end":{"row":18,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":46},{"start":{"row":18,"column":9},"end":{"row":18,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":10},"end":{"row":18,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":11},"end":{"row":18,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":12},"end":{"row":18,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":47},{"start":{"row":18,"column":13},"end":{"row":18,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":14},"end":{"row":18,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":15},"end":{"row":18,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":16},"end":{"row":18,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":17},"end":{"row":18,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":18},"end":{"row":18,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":19},"end":{"row":18,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":20},"end":{"row":18,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":21},"end":{"row":18,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":22},"end":{"row":18,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":48},{"start":{"row":18,"column":23},"end":{"row":18,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":24},"end":{"row":18,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":25},"end":{"row":18,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":49},{"start":{"row":18,"column":26},"end":{"row":18,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":27},"end":{"row":18,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":28},"end":{"row":18,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":29},"end":{"row":18,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":30},"end":{"row":18,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":31},"end":{"row":18,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":32},"end":{"row":18,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":33},"end":{"row":18,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":34},"end":{"row":18,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":35},"end":{"row":18,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":50},{"start":{"row":18,"column":36},"end":{"row":18,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":37},"end":{"row":18,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":51},{"start":{"row":18,"column":38},"end":{"row":18,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":39},"end":{"row":18,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":40},"end":{"row":18,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":41},"end":{"row":18,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":42},"end":{"row":18,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":43},"end":{"row":18,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":44},"end":{"row":18,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":52},{"start":{"row":18,"column":45},"end":{"row":18,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":45},"end":{"row":18,"column":46},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":53}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":45},"end":{"row":18,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":54},{"start":{"row":18,"column":46},"end":{"row":18,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":47},"end":{"row":18,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":55},{"start":{"row":18,"column":48},"end":{"row":18,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":49},"end":{"row":18,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":50},"end":{"row":18,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":51},"end":{"row":18,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":52},"end":{"row":18,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":53},"end":{"row":18,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":54},"end":{"row":18,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":55},"end":{"row":18,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":56},{"start":{"row":18,"column":56},"end":{"row":18,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":57},"end":{"row":18,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":58},"end":{"row":18,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":57},{"start":{"row":18,"column":59},"end":{"row":18,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":60},"end":{"row":18,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":58},{"start":{"row":18,"column":61},"end":{"row":18,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":62},"end":{"row":18,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":63},"end":{"row":18,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":4},"end":{"row":21,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":["publicise availability to perform at events such as weddings and Christmas ","parties"],"id":59},{"start":{"row":20,"column":4},"end":{"row":20,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":5},"end":{"row":20,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":6},"end":{"row":20,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":7},"end":{"row":20,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":8},"end":{"row":20,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":9},"end":{"row":20,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":10},"end":{"row":20,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":60}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":10},"end":{"row":20,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":61}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":10},"end":{"row":20,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":62}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":11},"end":{"row":20,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":63},{"start":{"row":20,"column":12},"end":{"row":20,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":13},"end":{"row":20,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":14},"end":{"row":20,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":15},"end":{"row":20,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":16},"end":{"row":20,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":17},"end":{"row":20,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":18},"end":{"row":20,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":19},"end":{"row":20,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":64},{"start":{"row":20,"column":20},"end":{"row":20,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":21},"end":{"row":20,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":22},"end":{"row":20,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":23},"end":{"row":20,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":65},{"start":{"row":20,"column":24},"end":{"row":20,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":25},"end":{"row":20,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":26},"end":{"row":20,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":66},{"start":{"row":20,"column":27},"end":{"row":20,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":28},"end":{"row":20,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":29},"end":{"row":20,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":30},"end":{"row":20,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":31},"end":{"row":20,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":32},"end":{"row":20,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":33},"end":{"row":20,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":67},{"start":{"row":20,"column":34},"end":{"row":20,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":35},"end":{"row":20,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":36},"end":{"row":20,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":68},{"start":{"row":20,"column":37},"end":{"row":20,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":38},"end":{"row":20,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":39},"end":{"row":20,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":40},"end":{"row":20,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":40},"end":{"row":20,"column":41},"action":"remove","lines":["d"],"id":69}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":40},"end":{"row":20,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":70},{"start":{"row":20,"column":41},"end":{"row":20,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":42},"end":{"row":20,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":71},{"start":{"row":20,"column":43},"end":{"row":20,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":44},"end":{"row":20,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":45},"end":{"row":20,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":72},{"start":{"row":20,"column":46},"end":{"row":20,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":47},"end":{"row":20,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":48},"end":{"row":20,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":49},"end":{"row":20,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":50},"end":{"row":20,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":51},"end":{"row":20,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":52},"end":{"row":20,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":53},"end":{"row":20,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":54},"end":{"row":20,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":55},"end":{"row":20,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":56},"end":{"row":20,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":73},{"start":{"row":20,"column":57},"end":{"row":20,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":58},"end":{"row":20,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":59},"end":{"row":20,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":74},{"start":{"row":20,"column":60},"end":{"row":20,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":61},"end":{"row":20,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":62},"end":{"row":20,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":63},"end":{"row":20,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":75},{"start":{"row":20,"column":64},"end":{"row":20,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":65},"end":{"row":20,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":66},"end":{"row":20,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":76},{"start":{"row":20,"column":67},"end":{"row":20,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":68},"end":{"row":20,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":69},"end":{"row":20,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":70},"end":{"row":20,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":71},"end":{"row":20,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":72},"end":{"row":20,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":73},"end":{"row":20,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":14},"end":{"row":25,"column":12},"action":"remove","lines":["fans, potential fans and customers who may want to book the band ","for events. "],"id":77},{"start":{"row":24,"column":14},"end":{"row":24,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":15},"end":{"row":24,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":16},"end":{"row":24,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":17},"end":{"row":24,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":18},"end":{"row":24,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":19},"end":{"row":24,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":20},"end":{"row":24,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":21},"end":{"row":24,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":22},"end":{"row":24,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":78},{"start":{"row":24,"column":23},"end":{"row":24,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":24},"end":{"row":24,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":25},"end":{"row":24,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":79},{"start":{"row":24,"column":26},"end":{"row":24,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":27},"end":{"row":24,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":28},"end":{"row":24,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":29},"end":{"row":24,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":30},"end":{"row":24,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":31},"end":{"row":24,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":80},{"start":{"row":24,"column":32},"end":{"row":24,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":33},"end":{"row":24,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":34},"end":{"row":24,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":35},"end":{"row":24,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":36},"end":{"row":24,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":81},{"start":{"row":24,"column":37},"end":{"row":24,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":38},"end":{"row":24,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":39},"end":{"row":24,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":40},"end":{"row":24,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":41},"end":{"row":24,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":42},"end":{"row":24,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":82},{"start":{"row":24,"column":43},"end":{"row":24,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":44},"end":{"row":24,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":45},"end":{"row":24,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":46},"end":{"row":24,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":47},"end":{"row":24,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":48},"end":{"row":24,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":49},"end":{"row":24,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":50},"end":{"row":24,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":83},{"start":{"row":24,"column":51},"end":{"row":24,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":52},"end":{"row":24,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":53},"end":{"row":24,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":54},"end":{"row":24,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":84},{"start":{"row":24,"column":55},"end":{"row":24,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":56},"end":{"row":24,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":57},"end":{"row":24,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":58},"end":{"row":24,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":59},"end":{"row":24,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":60},"end":{"row":24,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":61},"end":{"row":24,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["g"],"id":85},{"start":{"row":24,"column":62},"end":{"row":24,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":63},"end":{"row":24,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":64},"end":{"row":24,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":64},"end":{"row":24,"column":65},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":86},{"start":{"row":24,"column":63},"end":{"row":24,"column":64},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":62},"end":{"row":24,"column":63},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":61},"end":{"row":24,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":61},"end":{"row":24,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":87},{"start":{"row":24,"column":62},"end":{"row":24,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":63},"end":{"row":24,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":64},"end":{"row":24,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":88},{"start":{"row":24,"column":65},"end":{"row":24,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":66},"end":{"row":24,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":67},"end":{"row":24,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":68},"end":{"row":24,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":69},"end":{"row":24,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":89},{"start":{"row":24,"column":70},"end":{"row":24,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":71},"end":{"row":24,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":72},"end":{"row":24,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":90},{"start":{"row":24,"column":73},"end":{"row":24,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":74},"end":{"row":24,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":75},"end":{"row":24,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":76},"end":{"row":24,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":76},"end":{"row":24,"column":77},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":91},{"start":{"row":24,"column":75},"end":{"row":24,"column":76},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":24,"column":75},"end":{"row":24,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":92},{"start":{"row":24,"column":76},"end":{"row":24,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":24,"column":77},"end":{"row":24,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":30,"column":0},"end":{"row":30,"column":31},"action":"remove","lines":["Enquiry form - for booking gigs"],"id":93},{"start":{"row":30,"column":0},"end":{"row":30,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["G"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":1},"end":{"row":30,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":2},"end":{"row":30,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":3},"end":{"row":30,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":4},"end":{"row":30,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":5},"end":{"row":30,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":30,"column":6},"end":{"row":30,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":94},{"start":{"row":30,"column":7},"end":{"row":30,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["P"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":8},"end":{"row":30,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":9},"end":{"row":30,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":10},"end":{"row":30,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":11},"end":{"row":30,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":12},"end":{"row":30,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":30,"column":13},"end":{"row":30,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":95},{"start":{"row":30,"column":14},"end":{"row":30,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["A"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":15},"end":{"row":30,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["P"]},{"start":{"row":30,"column":16},"end":{"row":30,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["Band photos - images displayed in Bootstrap grid"],"id":96},{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["S"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":1},"end":{"row":32,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":2},"end":{"row":32,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":4},"end":{"row":32,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":5},"end":{"row":32,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":6},"end":{"row":32,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":97},{"start":{"row":32,"column":7},"end":{"row":32,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":8},"end":{"row":32,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":9},"end":{"row":32,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":10},"end":{"row":32,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":98},{"start":{"row":32,"column":11},"end":{"row":32,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":12},"end":{"row":32,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":13},"end":{"row":32,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":14},"end":{"row":32,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":99},{"start":{"row":32,"column":15},"end":{"row":32,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["G"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":16},"end":{"row":32,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":17},"end":{"row":32,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":18},"end":{"row":32,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":19},"end":{"row":32,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":100},{"start":{"row":32,"column":20},"end":{"row":32,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":20},"end":{"row":32,"column":21},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":101},{"start":{"row":32,"column":19},"end":{"row":32,"column":20},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":19},"end":{"row":32,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["l"],"id":102},{"start":{"row":32,"column":20},"end":{"row":32,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":21},"end":{"row":32,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":103},{"start":{"row":32,"column":22},"end":{"row":32,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["M"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":23},"end":{"row":32,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":24},"end":{"row":32,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["Spotify plugin - to allow people try band's music"],"id":104},{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["G"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":1},"end":{"row":34,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":2},"end":{"row":34,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":3},"end":{"row":34,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":4},"end":{"row":34,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":5},"end":{"row":34,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":34,"column":6},"end":{"row":34,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":105},{"start":{"row":34,"column":7},"end":{"row":34,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["M"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":8},"end":{"row":34,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":9},"end":{"row":34,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":10},"end":{"row":34,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":37,"column":12},"action":"remove","lines":["Youtube plugin - To see/hear clips from back catalog and showcase talents on ","booking page"],"id":106},{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["A"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":1},"end":{"row":36,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":107}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":2},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["''"],"id":108}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":3},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["f"],"id":109},{"start":{"row":36,"column":4},"end":{"row":36,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":5},"end":{"row":36,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":6},"end":{"row":36,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":7},"end":{"row":36,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":8},"end":{"row":36,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":9},"end":{"row":36,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":10},"end":{"row":36,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":10},"end":{"row":36,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["d"],"id":110},{"start":{"row":36,"column":9},"end":{"row":36,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":8},"end":{"row":36,"column":9},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":7},"end":{"row":36,"column":8},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":6},"end":{"row":36,"column":7},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":5},"end":{"row":36,"column":6},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":4},"end":{"row":36,"column":5},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":3},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":3},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["F"],"id":111},{"start":{"row":36,"column":4},"end":{"row":36,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":5},"end":{"row":36,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":6},"end":{"row":36,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":7},"end":{"row":36,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":8},"end":{"row":36,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":9},"end":{"row":36,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":10},"end":{"row":36,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":11},"end":{"row":36,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":112},{"start":{"row":36,"column":12},"end":{"row":36,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["P"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":13},"end":{"row":36,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":14},"end":{"row":36,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":15},"end":{"row":36,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":16},"end":{"row":36,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":17},"end":{"row":36,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":19},"end":{"row":36,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":113},{"start":{"row":36,"column":20},"end":{"row":36,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":21},"end":{"row":36,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":22},"end":{"row":36,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":23},"end":{"row":36,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":24},"end":{"row":36,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":25},"end":{"row":36,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":26},"end":{"row":36,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":27},"end":{"row":36,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":114},{"start":{"row":36,"column":28},"end":{"row":36,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":29},"end":{"row":36,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":30},"end":{"row":36,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":115},{"start":{"row":36,"column":31},"end":{"row":36,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":32},"end":{"row":36,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":33},"end":{"row":36,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":34},"end":{"row":36,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":35},"end":{"row":36,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":36},"end":{"row":36,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":37},"end":{"row":36,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":38},"end":{"row":36,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":39},"end":{"row":36,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":116}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":40},"end":{"row":36,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["''"],"id":117}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":41},"end":{"row":36,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["g"],"id":118}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":41},"end":{"row":36,"column":42},"action":"remove","lines":["g"],"id":119}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":41},"end":{"row":36,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":120},{"start":{"row":36,"column":42},"end":{"row":36,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":43},"end":{"row":36,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":44},"end":{"row":36,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":45},"end":{"row":36,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":46},"end":{"row":36,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":47},"end":{"row":36,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":121},{"start":{"row":36,"column":48},"end":{"row":36,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":49},"end":{"row":36,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":50},"end":{"row":36,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":51},"end":{"row":36,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":53},"end":{"row":36,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":122},{"start":{"row":36,"column":54},"end":{"row":36,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":55},"end":{"row":36,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":56},"end":{"row":36,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":57},"end":{"row":36,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":58},"end":{"row":36,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":59},"end":{"row":36,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":60},"end":{"row":36,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":123},{"start":{"row":36,"column":61},"end":{"row":36,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":62},"end":{"row":36,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":63},"end":{"row":36,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":64},"end":{"row":36,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":65},"end":{"row":36,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":66},"end":{"row":36,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":67},"end":{"row":36,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":29},"end":{"row":38,"column":76},"action":"remove","lines":["fans to share music and engage with fellow fans"],"id":124},{"start":{"row":38,"column":29},"end":{"row":38,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":30},"end":{"row":38,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":31},"end":{"row":38,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":32},"end":{"row":38,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":33},"end":{"row":38,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":34},"end":{"row":38,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":35},"end":{"row":38,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":36},"end":{"row":38,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":37},"end":{"row":38,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":125},{"start":{"row":38,"column":38},"end":{"row":38,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":39},"end":{"row":38,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":40},"end":{"row":38,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":126},{"start":{"row":38,"column":41},"end":{"row":38,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":42},"end":{"row":38,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":43},"end":{"row":38,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":44},"end":{"row":38,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":45},"end":{"row":38,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":46},"end":{"row":38,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":127},{"start":{"row":38,"column":47},"end":{"row":38,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":48},"end":{"row":38,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":49},"end":{"row":38,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":50},"end":{"row":38,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":51},"end":{"row":38,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":128},{"start":{"row":38,"column":52},"end":{"row":38,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":53},"end":{"row":38,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":54},"end":{"row":38,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":129},{"start":{"row":38,"column":55},"end":{"row":38,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":56},"end":{"row":38,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":57},"end":{"row":38,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":58},"end":{"row":38,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":59},"end":{"row":38,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":130},{"start":{"row":38,"column":60},"end":{"row":38,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":61},"end":{"row":38,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":62},"end":{"row":38,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":38,"column":63},"end":{"row":38,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":131},{"start":{"row":38,"column":64},"end":{"row":38,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":65},"end":{"row":38,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":66},"end":{"row":38,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":67},"end":{"row":38,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":68},"end":{"row":38,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":38,"column":69},"end":{"row":38,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":40,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":58},"action":"remove","lines":["Tour date page with button to third party site for tickets"],"id":132}],[{"start":{"row":54,"column":24},"end":{"row":55,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":133}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":420,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":55,"column":0},"end":{"row":55,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":29,"state":"allowBlock","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1563381391281}